SOLEIL PHAN
www.soleilphan.com 
soleilphan@gmail.com 
714 396 8956
EDUCATION
Carnegie Mellon University
Pittsburgh, PA August 2010-May 2014
B.A. in Writing & Minor in Communication Design and Human-Computer Interaction
SKILLS
HTML/CSS Ruby Adobe Creative Suite Wireframing Prototyping Microsoft Office Mac OSX Windows OS
RELEVANT COURSEWORK
Designing Human-Centered Systems Interaction Design Web Design Prototyping Tools for UX Design Communication Design Software Tools Document Design
Typography Fundamentals Communication Design Fundamentals Principles of Computing: Interactive Ruby
INVOLVEMENT
Team Captain | Carnegie Mellon Swim Team
Pittsburgh, PA Fall 2010-present
All-American Athlete Finished top 16 at the NCAA Championships in 2011 Top finisher at UAA championship in 2011,2012, 2013
EXPERIENCE
UX/UI Designer | Fractal Sciences Inc.
San Francisco, CA June-2013-August 2013
Fractal Sciences is a startup focusing on leveraging big data for real-time intelligant marketing. Completed extensive research on big data Conducted competitive analysis and contextual inquiries Executed rapid prototypes and wireframes
Communication Designer | Adrienne Sugden Clothing
Orange County, CA June 2012-April 2013
Adrienne Sugden Clothing is a luxe fashion company targeted toward young women. Create marketing and branding strategies Write press releases
Developed brand guide for overall brand consistency Work closely with designers to execute effective product advertising using InDesign
Communication Designer | The Hour of Power
Pittsburgh, PA September 2012-November 2012
The Hour of Power is a swim team fundraiser that raises money for Sarcoma Cancer Research. Design the event’s posters, flyers, and t-shirt Organized the event
Contacted nearby companies for sponsorship
Freelance Writer | TechTiVi
Irvine, CA May 2012-August 2012
TechTiVi is a television channel targeted toward the vietnamese community. Wrote technical press releases to electronic manufacturers Contributed to blog posts on their website
Research Assistant | Carnegie Mellon Psychology Dept.
Pittsburgh, PA September 2010-December 2010
Proctored subjects on conducting conversation for observational uses on social behavior Reviewed subjects’ conversation Translated conversation into research evidence
PROJECTS
UX Designer | ParkIt
PIttsburgh, PA January 2013-present
ParkIt is a mobile application that helps minimize the everyday inconveniences of paying for parking. Conduct research to develop many iterations of the product. 
Continued to iterate on current wireframe in order to refine the application.
UX Designer | financial institution (undisclosed)
Pittsburgh, PA September 2013-present
Develop a dashboard that will allow for easier collaboration internally with other co-workers and externally with clients.
Conduct interviews with various employees to understand the various relationships in the company. Create relevant wireframes that includes aggregated data from multiple sources based on interviews.



